Add catalog tab to dbt VS Code extension features (#9292)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-extension-features.md

  <source src="/img/docs/extension/preview-cte.mp4" type="video/webm" />
</video>

## Explore your catalog <Lifecycle status="beta" />

> **Requires registration**

Reviewer: I don't know if "registration" will be clear enough given we haven't historically used this language. For tagging these features down the road, should we use a lifecycle pill - don't need to decide for this doc today, but worth discussing. I think in this scenario though, it might be helpful to be more specific to bridge the gap between old ideas and new language
```suggestion
**Requires dbt platform account registration**
```

> **Requires registration:**

Author: ```suggestion
**Requires registration**
```

> Open the **Catalog** tab to see catalog information for the model you're working on &mdash; enriched by your <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> account &mdash; without leaving your editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open the **Catalog** tab to see information for the model you're working on &mdash; enriched by your <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> account &mdash; without leaving your editor.
```

> For the currently open model, the catalog tab surfaces:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the current model, the catalog tab surfaces:
```

- The build status, last build time, and run duration from the <Constant name="dbt_platform" />.
- The model's **Description**.

> - The model's **Columns**, including each column's type, description, and test results. Sort columns alphabetically or by tests.

Reviewer: Does "by tests" mean test name or test status?
```suggestion
- The model's **Columns**, including each column's type, description, and test results. Sort columns alphabetically or by test name.
```

- A **View in dbt platform** link to open the resource in the <Constant name="dbt_platform" />.

> The catalog tab is an advanced feature. After the 14-day trial, [sign in or register](/docs/sign-in-dbt-extension) for a <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> account to keep using it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Catalog** tab is an advanced feature. Before your 14-day trial expires, [sign in or register](/docs/sign-in-dbt-extension) for a <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> account to continue using it.
```
